on up-to-the-minute tips and tactics for
Lola do on your Nintendo Entertainment
System and the force will be with us as
our game lab Gonzo's check out the new
Star Wars action game card we'll take a
look at what's on at the arcade with who
shot Johnny wrong all this is war on
GamePro hi everybody welcome to gamepro
I'm JD Ross JD and I'm read on and dude
you guys don't want to be anywhere else
but right here right now because today's
show is jam-packed with some stuff that
you are not gonna believe Hey
that's right be man cuz our game lab
goons have been an electronic shock all
week long taking on some of the newest
game cards to hit the market and as
always they've got all the secrets you
want to bust the game back I know what
you're asking where do these guys come
up with this stuff right GamePro
magazine that's where the source for all
the important gamer info beena yeah dude
check it out buddy I just had this
preview the 16-bit game segment and dude
it is serious it will blow you away
now if you guys out there think a
sandwich sounds mighty tasty right now
chill because we are gonna kick it to
slide dude I just told the dudes and
dudettes out there in TV land that we're
gonna kick it the SWAT and chill on the
sandwich and look what you're doing
ah my fault really sorry I'm on my way
don't eat that
so what time
I'm here one of my favorite places
SWAT world with our first of many secret
weapons and tactics to come first up
today is a totally exciting discovery
for Adventures of Lolo 2 for the NES sup
buddy busy dude if you thought you'd
seen it all in this game think again
because our game lab eggheads have
discovered four extra rooms and until
now we're housed in secrecy check it out
in the title screen select the passport
option if you select pro a check it out
you get to chop your way right through a
forest cool pro be for still more points
and pro c to challenge the rain of fire
last but not least Pro D to take on the
water hazards cool ride here's a major
weapons tak that can balance - for your
turbo graphics 16 cd-rom system how
about any weapon you want anytime you
want it we're giving it to you watch ok
your heavy into level one of ours -
you're up against some screaming
meanings now if only you had the
missiles or weapons or maybe some cool
shields you'd be great well now you can
have them here's what you have to do
first
hold down button - and press run this
will pause the game now press select one
then two then one and now hit run you
can now choose any weapon or item in the
game by using button 1 to select items
and button 2 to select the perfect
weapon to beat the bad guys
I got to see that one again first hold
down button - and press run this will
pause the game next press select 1 then
2 1 again and now hit run select the
weapon or item of your choice by using
buttons one to choose items and button 2
to select weapons
go get'em - Mary Florida I have a
question for the game propose we go to
the Nintendo game maniac mansion I
finished the game by putting the meteor
on the trunk of the we're dead so I'm
blasting into space but I've heard
there's another special ending to the
game where are two to get that you know
a bud you only heard part of the news
because there are actually six count of
six endings - maniac mansion now you've
already discovered one of the endings
here's a couple of our other favorites
to see the second ending kill off Dave
by taking some radioactive water from
the pool and put it in the microwave
oven then have Dave turn on the oven
then open the door and our mundo I'd say
Dave's history now once dave is done for
finish out the game and you'll see a new
variation on the first ending in this
one dr. Fred will say something entirely
different in the end now of course Dave
won't be around to hear it
in another of our favorites have Wendy
retype the meteorz manuscript which
you'll find in dr. Fred's office when
she's done typing mail it off to the
publishing company the publishing
company will be so impressed by the
manuscript that they'll award the meteor
a lucrative contract which you'll find
in the mailbox outside the mansion the
meteor will be so thrilled to be an
author that he'll promise not to be evil
any longer
he even instructs dr. Fred to release
the prisoners now here's the new ending
when meteor goes on a top show to
promote his book the meteor police show
up and cart him off to jail despite his
change of heart
you may remember that I said there are
six endings to maniac mansion we've
shown you two if you want to see the
rest of them you're just gonna have to
wait till future episodes but so we got
you hooked it was a good question now
your game Proteas in the mail remember
we loved watching the game maniacs over
here scramble with your questions so
keep them coming okay just get gutsy get
a video camera and far away then send
the tape to our address and if we put
you on the tube the game Pro T is yours
alright here's the address
tinnie pro p o-- box one six seven eight
Venice California
nine zero to nine one the force will be
with you when we return Oh
game bro
rock'n'roll
secret weapons and tactics oh I made it
poof I'm back inside SWAT world and I've
got a major tip for you all today in the
fast action adventure game Strider for
the Genesis game system now this tip
ought to help you stay in the game a
whole lot longer whoa